["It's Beginning to Look
a Lot Like Christmas" playing]
Jess! Maddy and I are ready
to put the star on the tree!
[whispers] Are you ready?
[Jess] Trevor.
I hope you haven't dressed Maddy
in that ridiculous costume you bought.
-♪ Take a look in the five and ten ♪
-♪ It's glistening once again… ♪
-Oh!
-Are you ready. Maddy? Put the star…
Go on.
…on the tree.
-Yeah!
-Yay! Hay-hay-hay!
Okay. Maddy. [grunts]
Can you reach?
Oh. Here. let me do it.
♪ The holly that will be… ♪
[Trevor grunting]
-[yells then grunts]
-[Jess yells]
-Trevor! Trevor!
-I think I've broken something.
Maddy. come on. Come on.
You always put the star on the tree.
Mom. no.
♪ And the thing that will make them ring
Is the carol… ♪
-Right.
-Okay.
Happy Christmas. Dad.
[song ends]
[wind blowing]
[alarm beeping]
-[beeping continues]
-[Trevor groans]
[man] It's time to get
your long johns on. Hertfordshire.
because it is cold out there.
and forecasters now predicting
a very white Christmas.
Oh. goodness.
["Merry Christmas Everyone" playing]
[groans]
♪ Children playing ♪
[shuddering]
♪ Having fun… ♪
[hopeful music playing]
[grunting]
[music fades]
-[clicks]
-Oh. no.
[pensive music plays]
[music fades]
-[coin clinks]
-[electricity hums]
Ah!
[hopeful music resumes]
The 21st.
Ah!
Ah.
Mmm.
Mmm!
Ah.
[hopeful music continues]
[shivering]
[whirring]
Uh.
Ooh.
[chuckles softly]
[sighs] Very nice.
-[music fades]
-[funk music playing as ringtone]
Oh. Jess. Hang on.
[hopeful music resumes]
Oh.
[music ends]
Okay. I'm outside.
Outside?
What are you doing outside. Trevor?
It's freezing.
Well. it's just the reception.
It's a bit patchy around here. I'm afraid.
But it's a lovely place. Jess.
When you and Maddy come over.
I'll show you the village.
-'Cause they've got this wonderful--
-That's actually why I'm calling. Trevor.
We've had the most amazing invitation.
I think I might have mentioned
my new boyfriend to you.
Goran?
Oh. yes.
Well. he's got this villa in Barbados and…
Well. he's invited Maddy and me
to join him there for Christmas.
Oh.
Uh…
[uncertainly] So--
I thought it was
just the perfect way to celebrate
Maddy getting onto her course in Paris.
Right.
But it does mean flying out tomorrow.
So I'm really sorry.
but we won't be able
to join you after all.
[poignant music playing]
Oh. Okay.
But we'll be right back
after New Year's. so.
why don't we aim to have a drink then?
Yes. [splutters] Yes.
I've got some good news.
I know what a challenge the fees
for the Sorbonne were going to be.
but Goran gets on
so incredibly well with Maddy.
he'd very much
like to cover the cost himself.
Oh. Oh. no. I've got plenty of. um-- Uh…
-I'll be absolutely fine.
-[man] Morning. Trevor.
Oh. morning.
Well. okay.
If you're sure.
And look…
Have a very merry Christmas.
Uh. yes. And the same to you.
Bye.
-And to Maddy.
-[line beeps]
[exhales]
[Trevor] Hi. Maddy. It's Dad here.
Sorry. I've never left a voice note.
so I hope this works.
-Morning. Trevor. Big day.
-Morning. Morning.
Um. anyway.
I just wanted to say that I hope
you have a wonderful time in Barbados.
-Gosh. What a treat. [chuckles]
-[hopeful music playing]
But I'd love to have
a quick word before you go.
because… because I'm going to miss you.
sweet pea.
So much.
Morning. Trevor.
Oh. Tom. Hello.
So… so maybe speak later.
Okay?
Bye.
-And then I just lift my thumb off.
-[message chimes]
Eh. good.
[school bell ringing]
[children laughing]
-Trevor. Trevor.
-Oh. hello. Diana. How are you?
We are going to need
those extra chairs. please. Thank you.
-Yes. I'll get my coat off and then I'll--
-[Diana] Soon as you can. please. Trevor.
Yes. Yes.
[Diana] Go and check the manger. please.
Thank you.
And Mrs. A.. would you mind
clearing this box from the--
Oh. one second. Can I have a…
That's a bit flimsy. Never mind.
-[Trevor grunts]
-Oh. no. not there. Trevor.
No. they need to go at the back.
At the back. Right.
Also. um. we're still missing
a "No Vacancy" sign for the inn.
Okay.
And straw for the stable.
Oh. right.
And I don't think the bulb
for the Christmas star is working.
Right. Let me just. um…
Now. uh. teas and coffees.
Mrs. André. can I get you a tea?
[lilting music playing]
-Oh! Trevor. Could I have a word?
-Um…
-Thank you so much.
-[Diana] Trevor?
-[Trevor] Oh…
-Ah! Diana.
I hear you've had a bit of a coup
on the Baby Jesus front.
Oh. yes. I think you know June.
Jennifer's mom?
She's going to be dropping off
her eight-month-old before curtain-up.
A real baby in our manger
for the first time.
-We're all very excited.
-Cannot wait.
Trevor. I'll take those.
Do take a seat.
Thank you.
Now. I believe you and I. Trevor.
have an occasion to mark.
Uh…
Not just the last day of term.
but your last day at the school.
Isn't that right?
Oh.
Yes. that's right.
I really am genuinely sorry
we had to let you go.
But on behalf of all of us
here at St. Aldwyn's.
I just wanted to thank you for everything
you've done for the school in the last…
How long has it been?
Seven months.
Gosh.
Feels like years.
Cheers.
[coughing]
So. have you got anything else lined up?
[in raspy voice] Uh. no. No. not as such.
[coughing]
Well. thank you again.
And happy Christmas.
[chuckles]
[gulps]
-Ah!
-…for the production. [laughs]
[doorbell chimes]
Can somebody get the back door. please?
Trevor?
[baby cooing]
[angelic music playing]
Huh.
[music turns pensive]
June?
Well…
[Diana] Mary. perfect.
Wise Man One.
Perfect.
Excuse me. Diana.
I didn't see June. but there was a baby.
Oh…
-[angelic music playing]
-[Diana chuckles]
Well. don't just stand there. Trevor.
Put it in the manger.
Here we go.
Are you ready?
[gentle music playing]
There we are.
Hello. you.
[laughs]
-[indistinct chatter]
-["Jingle Bells" playing over speakers]
[Diana] Trevor!
[song fades]
-[gentle fanfare plays over speakers]
-[chatter fades]
[fanfare fades]
Tonight. we tell a story. old and true.
of a baby named Jesus.
born for me and you.
[Trevor whispers]
Nine thousand pounds! Ooh…
[Nativity narrator] And now
our story begins in a land so far.
where Mary and Joseph…
[Trevor] Oh. dear!
…travel under the guiding star.
-Trevor! Hooves!
-Oh!
[clacking over speakers]
[audience chuckles softly]
Joseph. the night grows cold.
and the wind is cruel.
[imitating wind blowing]
[Nativity Joseph] Do not worry. Mary.
we will find the place.
pulled by this humble mule.
-[cell phone buzzing]
-[suspenseful music playing]
[Nativity narrator] The journey is long.
but their hearts are strong…
Hello?
Buenos días. señora.
May I speak with Mr. Trevor Binge-ly?
It's "Bingley."
Trevor Bingley. Yes. that's me.
But I'm sorry.
this isn't really a very good time.
Señor Bingley. I am so pleased
to make your acquaintance.
I am Cesar Jimenez
from the personnel department
of Grupo del Sanchez Romero.
Okay. I don't know…
The new parent company
of Housesitters Deluxe.
[hopeful music playing]
Oh. right.
We don't have any room in the inn.
though your need is clear.
The thing is that. um.
due to the recent change in ownership.
our Barcelona team is not…
Sorry. could I leave you
for just one minute. please?
[bleating]
[audience laughing]
[Trevor continues bleating]
-[bleating continues]
-[audience laughing]
Sorry. You were saying?
I was saying that our. uh.
Barcelona team is not entirely familiar
with all of the Housesitters staff.
But you are still on our books.
…bright.
Three Wise Men draw near
on this holy night.
And I am calling
because we've had a member of staff
cancel due to a family emergency.
-Behold! The star! Rising in the East!
-[mouthing Nativity dialogue]
And we were wondering
if you might be available to take over
a platinum-level house-sitting job
over the Christmas period.
[music crescendos then fades]
Oh. No. I don't really do
that kind of thing anymore.
In case you were wondering.
it pays around £10.000.
-[star shatters]
-[children and audience scream and gasp]
[lively music playing]
Ten thousand pounds?
[Diana] Calm. Calm.
Anyone hit? Anyone hurt?
Full disclosure. uh. you would
have to attend an interview on site
in London this evening at 5:00 p.m.
And. if approved. start immediately.
So. do you think you might be available?
Well. yes.
-[hopeful music playing]
-[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
[baby crying]
[pensive music playing]
[crying continues]
What are you doing here?
[baby fussing]
Where's your mom?
Let's go and find her. shall we?
[lively music playing]
Okay. Here we go.
Right. Parents' directory.
Parents' directory.
June. June. June.
June! There we go. June Harbinson.
-Right.
-[presses telephone keys]
-Okay.
-[line dialing]
Don't worry. we'll soon get you home.
[on recording] Hello! You've reached June.
I can't come to the phone right now.
but you know what to do.
[voicemail beeps]
Hello. June? It's Mr. Bingley from school.
I didn't see you at the play.
but it seems we've still got your baby.
Can you let me know
when you might be able
to come and pick it up?
Okay. thanks. Thanks. bye.
[pensive music playing]
[quietly] What time is it?
June. hello. I'm in a little bit
of a rush to catch a train to London.
so I thought I'd just pop 'round now
and drop the baby off. if that's okay?
[knocking]
Oh. hello. June. I've got…
Oh.
Oh. I know. Poor little thing.
She woke up with a bit of a sniffle.
so I called the school and left a message
to say I wouldn't be
bringing her in after all.
Right.
-[lilting music playing]
-[June] Aww.
So. who's this little chap. then?
[music fades]
Um…
-[lively music playing]
-[car horns honking]
The baby?
Yes. It turned out
that June didn't bring her baby to school.
so the baby that was left
at the back door that we put in the manger
must have belonged to somebody else.
and whoever that was
hasn't come back to pick it up yet. so I--
Trevor! I'm sorry. I'm in the car.
I'm going away.
I don't really have time
to sort this out right now.
Look. why don't I pop it
on the parents' WhatsApp group
and then refer any calls to you?
Is that all right?
Well. the thing is.
I have to go to London.
And I have to go to Lanzarote. Trevor.
Tonight. With my entire family.
And I'm already
an hour late for the airport.
Uh. well. the…
I'll pop it on the group chat now. okay?
[line beeps]
Hello?
Oh. dear.
Now what? [chuckles]
[coos]
[lively music playing]
A baby?
Yes. It's a bit of a long story.
but. basically.
it was left at St. Aldwyn's School.
and then nobody came back to pick it up.
-And who are you?
-Trevor Bingley.
I'm the school caretaker.
Well. I was the school caretaker.
Okay. Well. look.
the weather's not helping us.
but we should be able
to get a patrol car out to you in…
oh. three to four hours?
Oh.
Oh. unfortunately. I'm supposed to be
in London at five o'clock.
Your only chance of getting anyone
sooner would be to try social services.
[groans] Oh.
-[telephone rings]
-[sighs]
Hello. social services.
-Hello. My name is Trevor Bingley.
-Right.
-I've got a baby left at a school play.
-And…
And you've still got this baby?
Yes. And the thing is.
I need to leave in sort of 45 minutes.
Um. so I was really hoping
that someone might be able
to come around and pick it up before then.
Okay. Uh. well. look.
I'll come and get it myself.
Can I just take some details?
Oh. thank you. Thank you so much.
["Deck the Halls" playing]
♪ Deck the halls with boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la. la-la-la-la ♪
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly ♪
♪ Don we now our gay apparel ♪
♪ Fa-la-la. la-la-la. la-la-la ♪
♪ Troll the ancient Yuletide carol ♪
♪ Fa-la-la-la-la. la-- ♪
[song fades]
[tense music playing]
Baby?
[baby squealing]
No! No! No! No! No!
-[giggles and coos]
-Where do you think you're going?
[vehicle approaching]
-Oh!
-[engine turns off]
He's here. He's here!
-Okay. Right.
-[knocking on door]
[baby cooing]
Here we go.
Mr. Bingley.
Hertfordshire Social Services.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
I'm in a bit of a rush.
because I've got
to catch a train to London.
Okay. Right. Well. the baby is…
[pensive music playing]
here…
somewhere.
Where are you?
Where's that baby gone?
Uh… Oh. dear me. [chuckles]
Um. baby?
Sorry. Just one moment.
Perhaps in here. Baby?
Baby? Baby!
Sorry. He's definitely here somewhere.
So. you found this baby in a manger?
Yes. He's Baby Jesus.
-[pensive music playing]
-Baby? Baby?
Jesus? I can't see you!
Jesus? Jesus. where are you?
[man] Well. look. um.
w-- w-- why don't I just leave you to it?
Where might you be?
-Are you behind the television?
-Well…
No.
If you… if you do happen to find
this. uh. missing baby.
then. uh. all-- all-- all of my details
are on that card.
Are you in the coal scuttle?
No.
All right. well. cheerio.
[baby coos]
-Bye!
-Oh!
[door closes]
Are you…?
-[coos]
-There you are! [chuckles]
I've found it! I've found it!
Oh. no! No!
-[hopeful music playing]
-Oh!
He left his card.
[baby cooing]
Yes!
[keypad clacking]
[line dialing]
[on recording]
This is Neil. I'm now on annual leave
and won't be back
in the office until January 4th.
No! No!
I've got to go! I've got to go!
Oh. I know. I'll drop you off on the way.
[hopeful music playing]
[hopeful music continues]
-[music fades]
-Oh.
[pensive music playing]
What?
[lively music playing]
All right. We need a plan B.
[phone line dials then clicks]
-[man] Hello. Hertfordshire Police.
-[Trevor] Oh. hello. Yes.
I rang earlier about a baby.
uh. that was left behind
at St. Aldwyn's School.
Sorry. Just a second.
There we go.
You put me in touch
with social services. but unfortunately--
Did we give you a case number. sir?
Um. n-- n-- no.
-Let's start with your last name. then.
-It's Bingley.
[static crackles]
Sorry. I didn't catch that.
Could you say that again for me?
Um. last name is B-I-N…
[static crackling]
[line disconnects]
Hello?
Reception's not good. sir.
but let's keep going.
So the name's Mr. Bin? Is that correct?
Well. it's "Bin" and then "gley."
Got it. Bin Glee.
So Bin's your first name. Mr. Glee?
[static crackles]
Hello?
Hello? Hello?
[chimes]
You're coming in and out a bit. sir.
-Can you hear me now?
-Yes.
Trevor Bingley. Called earlier.
Found baby left at school.
-Sorry?
-Also reported social services.
Now moving to new location.
but still on same number.
[static crackles]
Mr. Glee?
Will send you address soonest
if I get job I'm going for.
[chimes]
Oh. no.
[lively music playing]
[man over PA]
16:10 service to London Marylebone
will depart from platform two.
Two tickets to London. please.
[music swells]
[horns honking]
29 Clarendon Square.
Twenty-nine…
should be…
here.
[dramatic music playing]
Gosh. [chuckles]
Right. then. Let's try and get this job.
[hopeful music playing]